Bump @manypkg dependencies to latest version (fixed #661) (#667)
atlassian/changesets: .changeset/healthy-parents-work.md

---
"@changesets/apply-release-plan": patch
"@changesets/assemble-release-plan": patch
"@changesets/cli": patch
"@changesets/config": patch
"@changesets/get-dependents-graph": patch
"@changesets/get-release-plan": patch
"@changesets/git": patch
"@changesets/pre": patch
"@changesets/release-utils": patch
---

> Fixed getting correct packages in pnpm workspaces with exclude rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgraded `@manypkg/get-packages` dependency to fix getting correct packages in pnpm workspaces with exclude rules.
```
